---
title: "How to install Tailwind CSS in your Next.js application"
path: "App / Guides / Tailwind Css"
source_url: https://nextjs.org/docs/app/guides/tailwind-css
content_length: 2115
---

# How to install Tailwind CSS in your Next.js application
is a utility-first CSS framework that is fully compatible with Next.js. This guide will walk you through how to install Tailwind CSS in your Next.js application.
## Installing Tailwind
Install the necessary Tailwind CSS packages:
Terminal
```
npminstall-Dtailwindcss@tailwindcss/postcsspostcss
```

> **Good to know** : If you're using the `create-next-app` CLI to create your project, Next.js will prompt if you'd like to install Tailwind and automatically configure the project.
## Configuring Tailwind
Create a `postcss.config.mjs` file in the root of your project and add the `@tailwindcss/postcss` plugin to your PostCSS configuration:
postcss.config.mjs
```
/** @type{import('tailwindcss').Config} */
exportdefault {
 plugins: {
'@tailwindcss/postcss': {},
 },
}
```

As of , there is zero configuration required by default. If you do need to configure Tailwind, you can follow the for configuring the global CSS file.
There is also an and if you have an existing Tailwind v3 project.
## Importing Styles
Add the that Tailwind will use to inject its generated styles to a Global Stylesheet in your application, for example:
app/globals.css
```
@import'tailwindcss';
```

Inside the root layout (`app/layout.tsx`), import the `globals.css` stylesheet to apply the styles to every route in your application.
app/layout.tsx
```
importtype { Metadata } from'next'
// These styles apply to every route in the application
import'./globals.css'
exportconstmetadata:Metadata= {
 title:'Create Next App',
 description:'Generated by create next app',
}
exportdefaultfunctionRootLayout({
 children,
}: {
 children:React.ReactNode
}) {
return (
  <htmllang="en">
   <body>{children}</body>
  </html>
 )
}
```

## Using Classes
After installing Tailwind CSS and adding the global styles, you can use Tailwind's utility classes in your application.
app/page.tsx
```
exportdefaultfunctionPage() {
return <h1className="text-3xl font-bold underline">Hello, Next.js!</h1>
}
```

## Usage with Turbopack
As of Next.js 13.1, Tailwind CSS and PostCSS are supported with .
